README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
The python bikeshare project was created on 11/17/21 with a Udacity course

### Project Title
Python Bikeshare project

### Project Overview
This project focuses on pandas library and simple statistics methods to perform a basic analysis on the bikeshare data from three major U.S. cities - Chicago, Washington, and New York City: The display information such as most popular days or most common stations.

### Description
Allows user to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States—Chicago, New York City, and Washington.

### Files used
chicago.csv
washington.csv
new_york_city.csv

### Credits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDmYNK68IEc&t=242s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KngvG8WzYLU

Commit message:

Docs: add discriptionto data used for the project changed heading from file data to project data

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
The python bikeshare project was created on 11/17/21 with a Udacity course

### Project Title
Python Bikeshare project

### Project Overview
This project focuses on pandas library and simple statistics methods to perform a basic analysis on the bikeshare data from three major U.S. cities - Chicago, Washington, and New York City: The display information such as most popular days or most common stations.

### Description
Allows user to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States—Chicago, New York City, and Washington.

### Project Data
chicago.csv - Stored in the data folder, the chicago.csv file is the dataset containing all bikeshare information for the city of Chicago provided by Udacity.

new_york_city.csv - Dataset containing all bikeshare information for the city of New York provided by Udacity.

washington.csv - Dataset containing all bikeshare information for the city of Washington provided by Udacity. Note: This does not include the 'Gender' or 'Birth Year' data.

### Credits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDmYNK68IEc&t=242s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KngvG8WzYLU
